"Unless you believe that I am He, you will die in your sins" - Jesus (John 8:24)
I felt alone in the world on my own then You came to me
Hope flowing through my veins
I was lost in the black so far gone
Then You drank my shame letting sin flow through Your veins
Lord You are good oh God You're so good
You were there from the start before it all
Still You left Your throne love flowing down in the flesh
Born to serve born to heal and to lay your life
You're the final offering cause up from the grave you arose
Lord you are good, O God, you're so good
Oh the miracle, you're the miracle that makes the dead come alive
Let me take a little second to tell you as we see a prophecy that came true
You see we need to believe that he literally bled through
the clothes on his back his sweat the day was just like crimson rain
crimson stains, tide bounty and the devil can't wash these stains away
Who's he you ask he's a friend of me
cause in my inability he was sent for me
I hear birds and trees there all telling me
it's a good thing he won Gethsemane
cause this enemy is to much for me
and this flesh and world are triple teaming me
it seems to be the very end I scream please oh please pass this cup from me!
The thing is it did pass
and it passes every day
he took my cup from me and gracefully he drank the grave
and I don't mean to speak blasphemy when I say
but I am speaking of the day when my God passed away, Okay?
no wait wait wait no that's not it no that's not all
I don't wanna leave you hanging, this stories banging against my throat and against these walls
It can’t be contained no it won’t stay in here it will thrive
cause stories just don't die when the dead come alive
Oh the miracle You're the miracle
That makes the dead come alive
He Himself bore our sins in His body
That we might die to sin and live to righteousness
By His wounds you have been healed (1 Peter 2:24)